hello YouTube um it's been about a week
since my last video I haven't been able
to make one because I've pretty much
lost my voice for a week and it's only
just coming back but I was eager to get
another video on just so that you know
guys could get more looks more info
about my new phone Thelen lovely galaxy
note 2 okay there is now as you can see
I'm if it is actually a titanium version
in front but I went out and bought the
official flip case in white for it
simply because I was the only one they
had but to go to I really like the white
back silver and the titanium I think it
looks really good and now i'm gonna go
through what i think of the phone i'm
not going to kind of show you the
operating system and the features and
what kind of stuff because to billing to
be plenty of videos that do that and
we'll do a lot better than i will and i
just want to give you guys my initial
review reactions of having used this
phone a lot over the past week I've had
it since last Saturday so what's coming
onto a week a week like you know in a
day or twos time now um first of all so
overall it's a fantastic phone it's
really really slick it's fast the screen
is immense
I love the quality of the screen the
battery life is just amazing I mean the
battery goes on and on and on you know
you can you can have apps running you
can have Bluetooth turned on you can
have your wireless turned and you have
anything you want turn on and you know
you can you can use it as the your Sat
Nav in the car which I've done you can
record videos take pictures and it will
still do a really brilliant job at
giving you a full yo full day's worth of
battery life and if you're not doing all
that stuff early last you longer it's a
3100 milliamp hour battery so it is you
know solid the squeal of see the five
and a half inch screen is brilliant as
well I mean you know it is just a
stunning fine the S Pen I'm really
enjoying using it now I do think because
the size of screen is probably quickly
just the type however i do like writing
and it's very that the handwriting
recognition is fantastic my only slight
gripe with this is because of the size
of the screen the pen is a little bit
short and I know it's not tiny but the
problem is you've got these touch
capacitive buttons along the bottom of
you like the back and the menu right I
found the the pad area in which you kind
of can write goes pretty about a third
of the way up the screen so you can
actually use a third of the screen to
write your sentence is safe you write a
text messaging
write a few lines of in a few lines
words and you can actually fit about
three lines of handwriting into the area
designated when your parent is it to do
your handwriting recognition of the
stylist because of the moves the way I
hold it but I can I keep on battling
tapping back capacitive touchscreen if
I'm trying to like be able to use most
of the actual space I'm gonna write in
that kind of area there so I just at the
top they said say this section of the
screen is taken up with a cup add from
image to do you handle it include to
send a message or whatever if i'm right
near the top i'll end up using a little
fingers a little tap the capacitive fun
and it annoys me apart from that though
it's fantastic um i did take this to a
concert as well um last week and maybe
it's because i was quite near the front
i think we were only about four maybe
four rows of most away from the state it
will really fit this stage and my
recording the video was fantastic but
the mic just couldn't handle the amount
of noise coming from the speakers so
realizing that's probably more to do
with like the limitations of a portable
device then of the note to itself but
yeah of course they haven't used it
these are fantastic birth kit so no I
would make a few more videos if we find
aging else to say about it but thanks
for watching